                            Quake2 done Quick2
                            ------------------  
		       <http://PlanetQuake.com/QdQ/>

		       A recam by Zarathustra Studios
                       ------------------------------
			<http://PlanetQuake.com/ZS/>

(0) Index

(1) Introduction
 (1.1) What's Quake2 done Quick2?
 (1.2) About the recam

(2) The recam
 (2.1) Download choices
 (2.2) Installation
 (2.3) Running and viewing

(3) Credits and contact info
 (3.1) Credits
 (3.2) Utilities used
 (3.3) Contact info

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Introduction

(1.1) What's Quake2 done Quick2?

Quake2 done Quick2 (known as Q2dQ2 for short) is the first speed-run
by the Quake done Quick team through id Software's Quake2. It is a run
all the way through Quake2 on Hard skill, going through the game as
fast as possible.

More details about Q2dQ2 can be found in the file q2dq2.txt which you
should have gotten together with this file.

(1.2) About the recam

When we were finished with running, we asked Zarathustra Studios whether
they would like to make a recam of the demos. A "recammed" demo is one 
where the action is not watched from the player's eyes as usual but from
a newly inserted "camera" entity that lets you watch the player and her
surroundings from a new perspective, making the whole affair more "movie-
like" to watch. All of the recams in Qd2Q2 were done by Phil "Overman" Rice.

Note that the refilming alone does not make this a full-blown movie like
some of our previous releases, e.g. Scourge done Slick. We may still work
on such a proper movie yet but it will take a lot of time. In the meantime,
enjoy these demos - the first recammed speedrun for Quake2!


(2) The recam

(2.1) Download choices

There are two versions of the Q2dQ2 demos: The original runs as seen from
the player's perspective and their refilmed counterparts. You can download
both sets of demos separately, or both them at once. Also, we offer a Linux
version.

The following downloads are available. You can find all of these files, and
possibly more recent versions at <http://www.planetquake.com/qdq/q2dq2.html>.

q2dq2_full.zip	- These are both the original runs and their recams in one
 (3.5M)		  large package, complete with a menu interface for Win32
		  operating systems to select the demos (Linux version of 
		  said interface is available in a separate download). 
		  Downloading this file is equivalent to downloading
		  q2dq2.zip and q2dq2_recam.zip separately.		
q2dq2.zip	- These are the original player-perspective runs. If you
 (1.7M)		  downloaded this file previously you can add the recammed
		  versions by downloading q2dq2_recam.zip.
q2dq2_recam.zip	- These are the recams made by Zarathustra Studios. If you
 (2.0M)		  download this file first and want to add the original runs
		  later you can do so by downloading q2dq2.zip.
q2dq2_linux.zip	- Linux versions of menu interface dll compiled for both
 (324K)		  libc5 and glibc.

(2.2) Installation

First you need to find your main Quake2 directory. This probably has
the name "Quake2" and will contain such items as your Quake2 executable
program (quake2.exe or quake2) and your baseq2 game subdirectory.

You should make a subdirectory of this main directory. Give it the name
"q2dq2". After that should unzip the contents of the files you downloaded 
into this Q2dQ2 directory. For playing the Linux version, you should rename
one of gamei386.libc5 or gamei386.glibc into gamei386.so, depending on the
type of your Linux installation.

(2.3) Running and viewing

First, you will need the "official" version of Quake2, v3.20, in order
to watch the demos. If you aren't up-to-date, you can download what you
need from many places, including <http://planetquake.com/files/>

Now to watch the run, start Quake2 with the command-line option "+game
q2dq2". Alternatively, you can start Quake2 as normal and then enter
"game q2dq2" in the console.

The run is played from a menu interface, so that you can choose to play 
either the player-perspective runs or the recams if you have both.

Also, you can choose to play the whole speed-run, or individual units, 
or individual runs. Use the arrow keys to move around and make selections 
in the menu. The "ENTER" key will select a menu item.

If you have them available, you can toggle the inclusion of the original 
id cinematics as part of playback with a menu option.

If you are playing the recams, you can toggle slow-motion effects on and
off (default is on). Some scenes in the recam are played at slow-motion
to highlight some of the more spectacular scenes and to make them easier
to understand for the viewer. Note: The demos were originally recorded
at normal speed. No slow-motion cheats were used in the recording of these
demos! The slow-motion effects used in the recams are merely a special
playback effect included for your convenience.

Whilst playing a demo, you can press F10 to stop and return to the menu.

Note that if you press non-function keys in Quake2 whilst a demo is 
playing, this will take you to the console. To return to the main Q2dQ2 
menu, you can press F10, or enter "menu" as a console command.

If you are a keen player who has optimised their DeathMatch framerate
at the expense of viewing quality, you may wish to choose some different 
configuration options to play back this run so that it looks as pretty 
as possible. A good way to do this is to edit the q2dq2/autoexec.cfg file. 

Is there anything else you need to know? Sorry, we'll have to blank
you - there are no Easter Egg demos in the Q2dQ2 speed-run. There
will be plenty of eggs when we make a proper movie, though.

We don't know about any playback problems in Q2dQ2, but since this
is the first time we have released something for Quake2, it is
possible that some exist. Please write and tell us if you find any
problems, so that we can fix them, and do things better next time.

As time goes on, FAQs about this release will no doubt arise.
We will try to publish answers to the common ones on our website.
When we do this, these will be available via the download page at
<http://PlanetQuake.com/QdQ/Q2dQ2.html>.


(3) Credits and contact info

(3.1) Credits

The player-perspective demos were recorded by a whole bunch of people,
and an even larger crowd paved the way by planning routes, building
tools and organising everything. Full credit to the members of the
Q2dQ2 team is given in the q2dq2.txt file.

The recams were done by Phil "Overman" Rice of Zarathustra Studios
<http://www.planetquake.com/zs>.

(3.2) Utilities used

The utilities used for creating the player-perspective runs are listed
in q2dq2.txt. The recams were created in David "crt" Wright´s Keygrip2
<http://www.planetquake.com/keygrip2>.

(3.3) Contact info

For QdQ news and future projects check our page at
<http://www.planetquake.com/qdq>.

To contact the Q2dQ2 team as a whole, email <qdq-q2dq2@list.gamespy.com>.
For general comments to QdQ, email <qdq@planetquake.com>. To contact
Phil Rice personally, write to <overman@planetquake.com>. The individual 
emails of the other project members are listed in q2dq2.txt.

If an FAQ, patches or extensions are developed for this release, they will
be available via the download page at <http://PlanetQuake.com/QdQ/Q2dQ2.html>.

Enjoy Quake2 done Quick2!